how about the pickups
i hear there's a problem you forget who
you're talking
i'm the former police commissioner as a
woman
you're a caretaker hey damon where is
she
you do what i tell you to do and
everything will be just fine
i need you tonight using some of your
old skills
five stops five pickups
there are too many people waiting for me
to make this mistake you ran drugs for
the russians
you're a courier in and out of moscow
who is she you know who she is just stay
out of her way
something's not right
if i was you i'd be worried about all
the scumbags
[Music]
i need to know right now are you in or
out
let's do this i will
find you you got three more stops i need
to get my daughter back
i don't see that you have much choice
time is not your friend
three more stops two more stops
one more stop
get rid of that for me
[Music]
you